Where did someone recognize Wang Jiu as a godfather?
Call Wang Jiu to come and kill me
I don't want to be in the public eye
Do you want to come and solve it?
You're taking advantage of it
Call security
Do security guards know security guards too?
You know those security guards
When I usually slap my ears
Don't you dare to say a word?
You still ask them to help
Then you will know today
You have amassed a lifetime of strength and wealth
Will be destroyed by the security guards
Who's that crazy?
How dare you destroy the Zhou family?
Godfather come
I naturally have to come to your business.
Thank you godfather
Come and make it Ye Tianqiang has seen Jiu Ye
Do you think you have a lot of money?
Even I don't care
Jiu Ye is serious
I've always known Jiu Ye's Weimi
Sell Jiu Ye's face everywhere
Then why do you dare to defile me?
And had a security guard yell at me
By the way, what about the security guard who called me on the phone?
You are blind too
Don't know me.